# Trekbook

The project we have chosen is a web app called Trekbook. Trekbook is an innovative tool to help travelers keep track of enjoyable places they have found through traveling. Before Trekbook travelers often struggled with keeping tabs of where they have been and what they have enjoyed. Now with Trekbook the user can insert information such as location (country, state/providence, and city), categories (food, drink, landmarks, etc.), and tags (coffee, winery, restaurant, etc.). Some users may think that Trekbook is a recommendation app, rating app, location finder, and social network, but Trekbook seeks to fulfill a different purpose. The ideal use for trekbook would be for the user to track the places they have been and when they revisit the place they can open up the location and find what they have enjoyed. Trekbook should also be used for new exploration; the user should want to log new places so they can build and expand on their lists. An important but not large part of Trekbook is that the user can share any list with other people. As I have stated Trekbook is not a social network or recommendation app and the share function will have no connection to either of these ideas. When someone shares a list the person they shared will not be able to look at any other list of the other user. Trekbook is a web app that finds importance on how individualistic it should feel. At no point in time will another user be able to check out other users' profiles or lists (unless the list is shared). Overall Trekbook is seeking out travelers who want to better explore the world around them, and with Trekbook they can log and remember their favorite places.
